# twitch-and-toot
This is a service to be run locally or on a VPS to monitor your twitch and post to your mastod when you have gone live. 

Below was generated by ChatGPT. 

Edit the messages and channels as necessary

In the script, you need to replace the following parts with your own information:

    client_id: your Twitch API client ID
    channel_id: your Twitch channel ID
    live_messages: the list of messages to post to Mastodon when the channel is live
    offline_messages: the list of messages to post to Mastodon when the channel is offline
    access_token: your Mastodon API access token
    instance_url: the URL of your Mastodon instance, for example https://your.mastodon.instance

Make sure to replace all the instances of the placeholder information with your own.


here's the systemd service file for it:

makefile

[Unit]
Description=Twitch & Toot Service

[Service]
ExecStart=/usr/bin/python3 /path/to/twitch_and_toot.py
Restart=always
RestartSec=30

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target

Note:

    Don't forget to replace the placeholder values with your actual Twitch API Client ID and Mastodon access token.
    The `sys

continue

tem.exit(1)` in the script will cause the service to restart if an error occurs.

    The RestartSec value of 30 means that the service will wait for 30 seconds before restarting in case it fails.
    The WantedBy value of multi-user.target means that the service will be started automatically at system startup.

To install the service, use the following commands:

bash

sudo cp twitch_and_toot.service /etc/systemd/system/
sudo systemctl enable twitch_and_toot.service
sudo systemctl start twitch_and_toot.service

You can check the status of the service using the command:

lua

sudo systemctl status twitch_and_toot.service

This should get you started with a basic implementation of a Twitch & Toot service. Let me know if you need any further assistance.
what are the dependencies to install this on debian

Here are the dependencies that you'll need to install in order to run the script on Debian:

csharp

sudo apt-get install python3 python3-pip
sudo pip3 install requests

This will install Python 3 and the requests library, which is used in the script to make HTTP requests to the Twitch API and Mastodon.
